Fix broken ORD Prize links in news feed (#707)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/news/2024-12-09-expanding-pathoplexus-mpox.mdx

Big thanks to Peter van Heusden for [spotting the error](https://github.com/pathoplexus/curation_reports/issues/2), and Emily Smith and Michael Martin for putting our [first curation into action](/ebola-sudan/search?accession=PP_00000UB)!

### Awards:

> - We were absolutely honoured to receive the [2024 National Prize for Open Research Data by the Swiss Academies of Arts & Sciences](https://ord.akademien-schweiz.ch/news/preis-fuer-offene-forschungsdaten-vier-herausragende-projekte-ausgezeichnet), which comes with a prize of approximately 5,000CHF. You can check out information about the award and some photos on [Twitter](https://x.com/pathoplexus/status/1862176720553480376), [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/pathoplexus.org/post/3lbzjlj3ixk2z), and [Mastodon](https://mstdn.science/@pathoplexus/113561606902400622)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We were absolutely honoured to receive the [2024 National Prize for Open Research Data by the Swiss Academies of Arts & Sciences](https://ord.akademien-schweiz.ch/news/preis-fuer-offene-forschungsdaten-vier-herausragende-projekte-ausgezeichnet), which comes with a prize of CHF5,250. You can check out information about the award and some photos on [Twitter](https://x.com/pathoplexus/status/1862176720553480376), [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/pathoplexus.org/post/3lbzjlj3ixk2z), and [Mastodon](https://mstdn.science/@pathoplexus/113561606902400622)
```
